Hello and welcome to course three Lesson One of the DevOps nano degree.
My name is Owen Reid and I currently work as a senior DevOps engineer for
Figure Eight which is a data annotation company in the AI space.
I've worked in the DevOps industry for about
the last 13 years and originally I started out as a Linux SysAdmin and then that
evolved into a systems engineering job title and
now we call it either DevOps or SRE, Site Reliability Engineer.
Site reliability engineer's more focused on monitoring and
analytics DevOps is more the setup and creation of infrastructure.
So I originally came into working in
DevOps from one of my very first college courses which was
a course in C++ and it was taught by
a professor who worked for a local startup company and they were teaching the course
at night and so this course has really bring things 360 for
myself because I'm able to come back and share
with you some of the knowledge that I've acquired over these past 13 years
and I hope to be able to help you in your career and your involvement of your skills.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6